>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So now let's get
down to what we're actually going to be
building over the workshop and
what you can expect over the next seven or
eight modules.
So we have a project, and it is for
the most part a master detail view.
And so we are going to be building out
this project's feature within the project.
And you have a master list of projects,
and then you select one.
Then you can see the different detail or
the details for
the specific project that you can update,
delete and manipulate.
So I believe that the master detail
view interface is one of the most
fundamental interfaces for
line of business applications.
It's very, very common, I mean,
pretty much every line of
business application that I see
is you have a master list of something and
then you're going to manipulate that.
So when you wanna build a new framework,
for instance, or
test out the new framework,
what do you do?
Well, you build out a to-do app.
Well, what is a to-do app?
It's a master detail view,
depending on how you implement it.
But a master list of to-do
items that you then manipulate.
And so we are going to be focusing
on building out this application,
and then dropping in or
building out the projects feature.
And what you see here
on the screen is what,
by the end of the workshop,
this is where we will end up.
So the project detail view has been
built out using component driven
architecture communicating with the REST
server forms and component fundamentals.
A lot of the directors to
the different bindings and
things that you would expect
in an Angular application.
But if we hop into the repo,
we have broken this up into a couple
different branches to be helpful.
So I was in the 08 component
architecture branch, and so
when you finish the workshop,
this is where you will end up.
But if you go to, for
instance, the master branch,
this is a completely blank Angular or
space Angular CLI project
with a few additional resources to kind
of streamline getting up and starting.
So I've actually fleshed out the style
sheet, and a couple different images
as well as a back-end implementation
that you'll just move over.
And so right now we are on the kind of
the finish branch for the workshop.
Now if I jump into here,
I can checkout master.
And this is, for all intents and
purposes, a completely empty workspace.
So if I go npm start,
there's actually nothing to run.
We are going to build this
up from ground zero and
then start to stack these concepts.
But the main application we will be
building will go into the apps directory.
And then we will build
some common libraries
that go into the libs directory down here.
Now because there is quite
a bit of material to cover,
as well as some additional things
that we're just not going to
have time to get to in this workshop.
What I have done is I've created
an additional reference branch.
And so this has everything
that we're going to cover
in the workshop plus some
additional techniques and
things that you can use as you're
building out your own applications.
And so I'll go ahead and run this.
So, npm start.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: And then in here,
if we refresh this, since it's building,
here we go.
You can see that here's
our project's feature but
we can go into customers and
we have a list of customers,
this kind of cool status report component.
You can actually select on a customer and
then drill down.
So, this is like a master detailed view
but I've separated it across two routes.
And then, for instance,
we have child routes.
We have a kind of a home component,
where you'd put any widgets
rather that you want.
So just showing kind of
the portability of components,
as well as we have a login
feature here that you can login.
And then checking a JavaScript web token,
then we're doing an HTTP interceptor
as well as a route card.
So there's definitely plenty of things in
here outside of the workshop that once you
finish the workshop I encourage
you to go to the repo,
pull down this branch specifically and
start to look through some of
the additional pieces that I'm
certain you will find helpful.